# Weather-Dashboard
This assignment was to create a website that provided specific weather related results when searching a city. I decided to use Bootstrap as my base HTML and CSS for styling purposes. I then used an OpenWeatherMap API to get data from the OpenWeather server for each city. This search proved to be slightly complicated as I had to do 3 separate AJAX pulls (one for the primary weather data for the city just searched, one for the UV Index and one for the forecast).

The last AJAX pull presented the trickiest logic testing as I have a free OpenWeatherMap account which only provides a 5 day forecast but in 3 hour increments. This makes things a bit tricky as you do not get an average for the day but instead get specific weather data for that hour - it is also tricky to ensure each day in the 5 day forecast is pulling data from that specific data in the AJAX pull.

To solve this, I used a for loop with two different variables with one variable only being used to pull temperature, humidity and icons for the right day (I added 1 to the variable i and then multiplied that by 7 to ensure I was at minmium 21 hours ahead of the current time being pulled).

Finally, I had to ensure when the page loaded, the data from the most recent search was pulled up. To do this, I stored all the cities searched in an array. I then defined the city variable (which is a global variable) as the last element in that stored array then ran that city through the appropriate function when the page loads.

The main goal of this assignment was to work with server side APIs and go through AJAX requests to get data from the servers and present the data on a website. This assignment would have been easier with a paid account on OpenWeatherMap but having only the free account made the logic and thought process more challenigng and thus mor rewarding.